# Redacted-Public-Release-CPRS-v32-P2-CPRS_V32_COMBINED_BUILD_V72.KID-and-others-rec-Feb-2020
Repository containing the CIF submission for CPRS Version 32 Phase 2 CPRS_V32_COMBINED_BUILD_V72.KID, OR*3*405, PCE_STANDARDIZATION_1_0_T8.KID, PSS_1_187V10.KID, XU_8_662V14.KID, PREVIOUS_ENCOUNTER_DIAGNOSIS_1_0.KID, PSO*7*595 and PSS*1*242 received Feb 2020.
Repository containing the CIF submission for CPRS Enhancements Phase 1 Segment 2 OR*3.0*439 v17, OR*3.0*453 v15, OR_413_PSJ_319T7.KID, OR_507_PSJ_388T5.KID received Feb 2020.
CPRS (Computerized Patient Record System) provides an integrated patient record system for clinicians, managers, QA (Quality Assurance) staff, and researchers. The primary goal of CPRS is to provide a fast and easy-to-use application that provides providers information needed in the clinical workflow process. CPRS EP1 will implement 18 NRSs centering on the Identity Management, Consults, Ordering, Alerts and Notifications functionality. Identity management will deliver Gender/Sex Field VistA/CPRS and Patient Selection - Similar Patients Box. Consults will deliver Consult Notification Changes, Additional Fields to Facility Activity on Consult Requests, and Notifications from Consults. Orders will be modified with Safe Prescribing and Reproductive Health, Non Renewable Order, CPRS option to prohibit medication renewal, Pharmacy VISTA Orders to Display Dates in MM/DD/YYYY format, and Add a Hard Stop for Date Entry, Addition of a function to enter Stop and Start dates for medications in CPRS, Reasons why PRN Medications were Given and Allow transfer between inpatient, outpatient, and non-VA meds. Alerts and Notifications will be modified with Alert/Notification Enhancement, CPRS: Allergy View/Prevent Ordering Meds that cause Anaphylaxis, and Address notification software problem seen when an ordering provider changes role. Additionally, Patient Safety /Remedy tickets will be resolved.